Aquarius Man

Aquarius men are an exciting blend of mischief and deep thoughts. If you're looking for mental stimulation, fun and sexiness in one package, then this is the boy for you. Unpredictable, broadminded and often a little 'different' they are usually very intellectual and can be criticized as being cold or distant by those who are more emotionally inclined; while being appreciated by those looking for an independent partner.

Aquarius men tend to come across as very self confident and independent in several ways:

He's unlikely to be interested in winning approval or compliments, making him often bold, non-conforming, and sometimes shocking. Many Aquarians are amused by narrow minded people, and aren't beyond doing or saying things purely to see the reaction they get. They aren't aggressive people per se, but they can be a little mischievous in this area.

Since he's probably not concerned as to what other people think of him, he often doesn't bother forming opinions about other people's behavior; a 'live and let live' attitude may be evident. Along these lines he's very unlikely to be into gossip, or to ever be petty.

Intellectual, radical and exciting he may view others as slightly predictable and stuffy, appreciating those who are slightly unique themselves. Aquarians are often rebels at heart. They tend to have relatively few close friends, but those they do have they tend to have a very strong mental connection with.

Aquarius men tend to be relatively detached at the start of a relationship. Partners often wonder if he is really interested in them at all. This works well with independent partners, but can cause a lot of confusion for those who prefer regular feedback. (If I had a dollar for every Scorpio lady who has emailed me regarding her Aquarius man ignoring her...)

Aquarians are the scientists of the zodiac. They tend to question most things rather than just accepting them at face value, and have a healthy disregard for tradition and social expectations for their own sake. If something doesn't make sense they are often the first to suggest changing it.

Very often they have unique views which can make them fascinating (they also make some of the best astrologers)

Aquarians can come across as detached, distant or even cold at times. This is partly because they often get distracted by their deep thoughts, and partly because they tend to to be 'big picture' people rather than 'people' people.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/aquarius-man.html

Aquarius Woman

Aquarius women are an exciting blend of mischief and deep thoughts. If you're looking for mental stimulation, fun and sexiness in one package, then this is the girl for you. Unpredictable, broadminded and often a little 'different' they are usually very intellectual and can be critcized as cold or distant by those who are more emotionally inclined, while being appreciated by those looking for an independent partner.

Aquarius women tend to come across as very self confident and independent in several ways:

She's unlikely to be interested in winning approval or compliments, making her often bold, non-conforming, and sometimes shocking. Many Aquarians are amused by narrow minded people, and aren't beyond doing or saying things purely to see the reaction they get. They aren't aggressive people per se, but they can be a little mischievous in this area!

Since she's probably not concerned as to what other people think of her, she often doesn't bother forming opinions about other people's behavior; a 'live and let live' attitude may be evident. Along these lines she's very unlikely to be into gossip, or to ever be petty.

Intellectual, radical and exciting she may view others as slightly predictable and stuffy, appreciating those who are slightly unique themselves. Aquarians are often rebels at heart. They tend to have relatively few close friends, but those they do have they will tend to have a very strong mental connection with.

Aquarius women tend to be relatively detached at the start of a relationship. Partners often wonder if she is really interested in them at all. This works well with independent partners, but can cause a lot of confusion for those who prefer regular feedback. (If I had a dollar for every Scorpio who has emailed me regarding their Aquarius woman ignoring them...)

Aquarians are the scientists of the zodiac. They tend to question most things rather than just accepting them at face value, and have a healthy disregard for tradition and social expectations for their own sake. If something doesn't make sense they are often the first to suggest changing it.

Very often they have unique views which can make them fascinating (they also make some of the best astrologers)

Aquarians can come across as detached, distant or even cold at times. This is partly because they often get distracted by their deep thoughts, and partly because they tend to to be 'big picture' people rather than 'people' people. Most Aquarians would say that humanity as a whole is more important than any individual.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/aquarius-woman.html
