
Aries Man

The Aries man is a mixture of fearless warrior and undisciplined child. Aries is one of the easiest signs to understand, these are action people, extroverted and assertive. They want to be in charge, the boss, the hunter, the instigator. They are typically confident, fiery, bold, spontaneous and independent.

This man is particularly masculine and virile (yes okay, macho and horny!) and is in touch with his inner child. The later manifests in both good and bad ways; on the plus side he tends to be very fun loving and adventurous, and on the negative he can be very sulky if he doesn't get his own way, or is ignored.

He tends to be very competitive, but unlike some signs also has a strong sense of fair play - he wants to win for himself; to prove to the world he could do it - and isn't interested in deceit or cheating. He hates to be bossed around, or feel trapped.

Uncomplicated, bold, aggressive and impulsive, Aries can sometimes be seen as selfish, insensitive, domineering, blunt, outspoken and impatient. They're never afraid of taking a risk. Lacking in self control they more than compensate in resilience - this is one tough cookie, who will live life to the fullest.

Ambitious and hardworking, he will typically make a good living, though probably isn't the best at saving the money he makes, instead preferring to enjoy it as it arrives.

The danger for an Aries in a relationship is being too controlling and confrontational. They need to consciously curb their desire to battle and win. More specifically, they need to learn how to lose when fighting someone they love. It may sound like a quote from Sun Tzu, but in love they need to learn the art of <quote>winning by appearing to lose</quote>.

Aries Woman

The Aries woman is typically confident, fiery, bold, spontaneous and independent. Very modern and self reliant she is often an inspiration to other women.
</p>

<p>Often highly motivated and ambitious this isn't a woman who takes no for an answer, at least not for long! She will typically make a good living, though probably isn't the best at saving the money she makes, instead preferring to enjoy it as it arrives.</p>

<p>In touch with her inner child, on the plus side she tends to be very fun loving and adventurous, and on the negative she can be very sulky if she doesn't get her own way or is ignored. She tends to be very competitive, but unlike some signs also has a strong sense of fair play - she wants to win for herself; to prove to the world she could do it, and isn't interested in deceit or cheating. She hates to be bossed around, or feel trapped.</p>

<p>Aries is a mixture of fearless warrior and undisciplined child, and this is one of the easiest signs to understand. These are action people, extroverted and assertive. They want to be in charge, the boss, the hunter, the instigator. Uncomplicated, bold, aggressive and impulsive. Sometimes they are selfish, insensitive, domineering, blunt, outspoken and impatient. They're never afraid of taking a risk. Lacking in self control they more than compensate in resilience - this is one tough cookie, who will live life to the fullest.</p>

<p>As to relationships, she tends to be either totally into one, or not interested, often there's no middle ground. She's outgoing and can be somewhat flirtatious in a fun and challenging way. The men of other fire signs tend to find this especially hard to resist.