Cancer Man

Passionate, volatile and exciting the Cancer man has an emotional strength and vulnerability which many find to be highly attractive and uniquely sexy. Deeply caring and sympathetic lovers they will do anything for a partner whom they're in love with.

Highly intuitive, he has a natural talent for nurturing, often knowing exactly how to make his partner feel comfortable and secure. Loving, gentle, intimate and understanding he is kind hearted but not soft, and will often know exactly what you're feeling and how best to support you emotionally.

Romantic and devoted, he takes relationships and his partner seriously, and once settled with a mate he enjoys the home and everything associated with it. Cancer men are also often exceptionally friendly and love to help others and feel needed. That man at your office who offers hugs when you're feeling down is probably a Cancer... (as a side note, this can be construed as flirting, often where it isn't intended)

If you're able to pick up on other peoples emotions this is a wonderful, caring and warm sign, and everything you've read about them being nurturing and supportive is true. Possibly the most perfect partner you could wish for. If you aren't sensitive enough, or can't be bothered to nurture him at appropriate times, then your perfect Cancer lover may become increasingly distant and argumentative as your tally of neglect grows.

Due to the above in the long term this is an all or nothing man. He often does better with a strong but caring partner, rather than an ultra-sensitive one. This is a man who sometimes needs a partner to tell him to shut up and just kiss him. Debating, analyzing, justifying moods, behavior etc may get the job done eventually, but it's very counter productive.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/cancer-man.html

Cancer Woman

Passionate, volatile and exciting the Cancer woman has an emotional strength and vulnerability which many find to be highly feminine and uniquely sexy. Deeply caring and sympathetic lovers they will do anything for a partner whom they're in love with.

Highly intuitive, she has a natural talent for nurturing, often knowing exactly how to make her partner feel comfortable and secure. Loving, gentle, intimate and understanding she is kind hearted but not soft, and will often know exactly what you're feeling and how best to support you emotionally.

Romantic and devoted, she takes relationships and her partner seriously, and once settled with a mate she enjoys the home and everything associated with it. Cancer women often have an appreciation of food and a talent for cooking. They're also often exceptionally friendly and love to help others and feel needed. That lady at your office who is always hugging people when they're feeling down, is probably a Cancer...

If you're able to pick up on other people's emotions this is a wonderful, caring and warm sign, and everything you've read about them being nurturing and supportive is true. Possibly the most perfect partner you could wish for. If you aren't sensitive enough, or can't be bothered to nurture her at appropriate times, then your perfect Cancer lover may become increasingly distant and argumentative as your tally of neglect grows.

Due to the above in the long term this is an all or nothing woman. She often does better with a strong but caring partner, rather than an ultra-sensitive one. This is a woman who sometimes wants a partner to tell her to shut up and just hold her. Debating, analyzing, justifying moods, behavior, etc may get the job done eventually, but it's very counter productive.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/cancer-woman.html