Capricorn Man
Outwardly reserved the Capricorn man is a complicated bundle of practicality, endearing modesty and self discipline, often reserving his fun and sexy wild side strictly for those who are very close to him. Capricorn men want to succeed. Goals and a practical viewpoint often characterize this man.

Down to earth, self motivated, patient and responsible. Capricorn men are generally among the harder signs to understand, with a number of personality traits which often confuse partners in the early stages of a relationship.

While the Capricorn man is as romantic and emotional as anyone else, he can be somewhat inhibited in expressing his emotions. One way this is apparent is that he often prefers to perform practical tasks to help loved ones in preference to making purely romantic gestures.

He is very cautious by nature, and not one to rush into anything, so don't be misled if his interest appears mainly platonic initially.

How do you eat an elephant? One spoonful at a time..

A Capricorns greatest strength is his ability to set goals and pursue them until attained. Nothing gets in the way of a Capricorn's plans and ambitions, and they don't like taking shortcuts or cheating as either devalues their later satisfaction.

They often have an intrinsic need to challenge themselves. Pessimistic by nature they sometimes have a slight inferiority complex or fear of failure, which drives them so hard to both succeed, and stand on their own two feet doing so. Respect, recognition and praise are important to them, as is their public image.

They value steady progress over short bursts of activity, and are exceedingly patient. Bad news affects them less than other signs, and rarely holds them back for long.

Never underestimate the patience or willpower of a Capricorn man who's on a mission! They can beat most other signs at almost anything in a battle of attrition.

Prior planning and preparation prevent poor performance

Capricorns like to plan their every move, weighing all the pros and cons of any issue in advance, and often rehearsing exactly what they want to say before they say it.

They are dependable, particularly in a crisis, though they dislike chaos and unpredictability. When asked, they give sound, practical advice. As a rule they're not aggressive people, and only express hostility as a defense.

Work is generally very important to Capricorn men and they don't take it lightly, holding fast to duty and responsibility, partly because they want to look good in front of the world, and partly for the security such behavior brings. Typically they prefer employment rather than the greater risk/reward of self employment.

They often place a very high value on material security, which can lead to efficiency, thrift or being somewhat of a pack-rat. (I say 'somewhat' to be polite. They're often fantastic pack-rats!) How many Capricorns does it take to change a lightbulb? I don't know, but i'm going to keep the old lightbulb just in case I need it later...

On the negative side Capricorns can be pessimistic, suspicious, stubborn and sometimes intolerant.

Link:http://www.compatible-astrology.com/capricorn-man.html

Capricorn Woman
Capricorn women want to succeed. Whether it's in a career or as a homemaker they typically don't do things by halves. Goals and a practical viewpoint often characterize this lady. Outwardly reserved the Capricorn woman is a complex bundle of practicality, endearing modesty and self discipline in selected areas, often reserving her fun and sexy wild side exclusively for those who are very close to her.

Down to earth, self motivated, patient and responsible. Capricorn women are generally among the harder signs to understand, with a number of personality traits which often confuse partners in the early stages of a relationship.

While the Capricorn woman is as romantic and emotional as anyone else, she can be somewhat inhibited in expressing her emotions, often preferring to perform practical tasks to help loved ones in preference to making purely romantic gestures. She is very cautious by nature, and not one to rush into anything, so don't be misled if her interest appears mainly platonic initially.

How do you eat an elephant? One spoonful at a time..

A Capricorns greatest strength is the ability to set long term goals and pursue them until attained. Nothing gets in the way of a Capricorns plans and ambitions, and they don't like taking shortcuts or cheating as either devalues their later satisfaction. They value steady progress over short bursts of activity, and are exceedingly patient. Bad news affects them less than other signs, and rarely holds them back for long.

They often feel the need to challenge themselves. Pessimistic by nature they sometimes have a slight inferiority complex or fear of failure which drives them so hard to succeed and to stand on their own two feet while doing so. Respect, recognition and praise are important to them, as is their public image.

Never underestimate the patience or willpower of a Capricorn who's on a mission! They can beat most other signs in a battle of attrition.

Prior planning and preparation prevent poor performance

Capricorns like to plan their every move, weighing all the pros and cons of any issue in advance, and often rehearsing exactly what they want to say before they say it. Due to this they often don't like arguing or confrontation unless it can be rehearsed beforehand.

They are dependable particularly in a crisis though they dislike chaos and unpredictability. When asked, they give sound and practical advice. As a rule they're not aggressive people and only express hostility as a defense.

Work is generally very important to Capricorns and they do not take it lightly, holding fast to duty and responsibility. This is partly because they want to look good in front of the world and partly for the security such behavior brings. Typically they prefer employment rather than the greater risk/reward of self employment.

They often place a very high value on material security, which can lead to efficiency, thrift or being somewhat of a pack-rat. (I say 'somewhat' to be polite. They're often fantastic pack-rats!) How many Capricorns does it take to change a lightbulb? I don't know, but i'm going to keep the old lightbulb just in case I need it later...

On the negative side Capricorns can be pessimistic, suspicious, stubborn and sometimes intolerant. The combination of these makes them the hardest sign to get close to for many people.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/capricorn-woman.html