Libra Man:
Classy, sociable and passionate, Libra is a sign with it's own unique brand of sexy! If you like a man who always looks good, can charm anyone, and also embraces his wild side then look no further!

Refined and caring the Libra man loves everything about romance, seduction, partnership and teamwork. He will constantly work towards improving a relationship, and care for his partner both physically and emotionally. Always fashionable, elegant and well groomed, he is tasteful and sophisticated, with an eye for quality, beauty and harmony in all things.

Among the most sociable of all the signs, he probably has a very large network of friends and a hectic social life. This can make dating difficult initially, unless you really like crowds, and can often leave you wondering where exactly you fit into his life. Libras can also come across as somewhat egotistical at times, which can compound this situation.

Tragically romantic...

There is a chance that your Libra man will be depressed; he genuinely feels the world should always be fair and beautiful, and the reality of course is that sometimes it just isn't. What others shrug off, a Libra sometimes just can't accept. This broken-hearted approach to life can be both endearing, or off-putting, depending on your viewpoint. It does create a unique and powerful counterpoint to their otherwise passionate approach to life for those who appreciate contrast and complexity in a partner.

Link:  http://www.compatible-astrology.com/libra-man.html


Libra Woman:
Classy, sociable and passionate, Libra is a sign with its own unique brand of sexy! If you like a lady who always looks good, can charm anyone, and also embraces her feminine and wild sides then look no further!

Always fashionable, elegant and well groomed, she is tasteful and sophisticated, with an eye for quality, beauty and harmony in all things. Refined and caring the Libra woman loves everything about romance, seduction and partnership. She will constantly work towards improving a relationship, and care for her partner both physically and emotionally.

Among the most sociable of all the signs, she probably has a very large network of friends and a hectic social life. This can make dating difficult initially unless you like crowds, and can often leave you wondering where exactly you fit into her life. Libras can also come across as somewhat egotistical at times, which can compound this situation.

Beautiful, romantic and tragic

One common quirk of Libra women is that of getting depressed easily. Partly this is because they genuinely feel the world should always be fair and beautiful, and the reality of course is that sometimes it just isn't. What others shrug off in this area a Libra sometimes just can't accept. This broken-hearted approach to life can be both endearing, or off-putting, depending on your viewpoint. It does create a unique and powerful counter point to their otherwise passionate approach to life for those who appreciate contrast and complexity in a partner.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/libra-woman.html