Sagittarius Man
Fun loving, independent and exciting, Sagittarius men are in some ways the wild child of the zodiac. Adventurous sociable and friendly, they are typically determined to live life to the fullest, amongst other things often making them physical and athletic.

This is an honest man, a straight shooter who speaks his mind. Inspiring and spontaneous he can sometimes be seen as too aggressive or impatient by those who prefer a more subtle approach to life.

He values independence and freedom, manifested both in a liberal open mindedness and a dislike of feeling trapped or obligated. He often does better with a strong willed and independent partner, rather than one who is too needy or possessive.

Just do it

Imaginative and intuitive he may often be seen as lucky, and may even have a fondness for gambling due to this. One of the most 'unusual' traits of Sagittarians for many partners is their ability to get through life so 'effortlessly' often relying on luck rather than planning to see them through.

If you lined up 12 people at the top of a cliff, one of each sun sign, the Sagittarian would probably be the first one to jump, content that something somehow would prevent them going splat at the bottom. And something somehow probably would.

The meaning of life

The Sagittarius man is typically a natural scholar, and loves both to learn and to teach, making conversations highly stimulating. As with other impatient signs he is likely to prefer the big picture rather than the details, which can lead him to being somewhat philosophical.

Typically he will be well educated, or planning to be, and is likely to prefer to focus on and master one subject, rather than dabbling in lots of different ones.

Ambitious, optimistic and enthusiastic, he sets himself lofty goals in life, though sometimes struggles to attain them, especially when unforeseen or overly boring details bury him.

On the negative side, he can be seen as lazy and undisciplined. Lacking a deep understanding of emotions he can also be seen as too blunt or shallow by more emotionally intense signs (and as a breath of fresh air to less emotional ones!)

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/sagittarius-man.html


Sagittarius Woman
Wild, feisty, independent and exciting, Sagittarian women are arguably the wild child of the zodiac. Adventurous, fun loving, sociable and friendly, they are typically determined to live life to the fullest.

This is an honest woman, a straight shooter who speaks her mind. Inspiring and spontaneous she can sometimes be seen as too aggressive or impatient by those who prefer a more subtle approach to life.

She values independence and freedom, manifested both in a liberal open mindedness and a dislike of feeling trapped or obligated. She often does better with a strong willed and independent partner, rather than one who is too needy or possessive.

Compared to other signs Sagittarians are amongst the most likely to be physical and athletic.

Just do it!

Imaginative and intuitive she may often be seen as lucky, and may even have a fondness for gambling due to this. One of the most 'unusual' traits of Sagittarians for many partners is their ability to get through life so 'effortlessly' often relying on luck rather than planning to see them through. If you lined up 12 people at the top of a cliff, one of each sun sign, the Sagittarian would probably be the first one to jump, content that something somehow would prevent them going splat at the bottom. And something somehow probably would.

The meaning of life

Almost contradicting her other personality traits, the Sagittarius woman is also typically a natural scholar, and loves both to learn and to teach, making conversations highly stimulating. As with other impatient signs she is likely to prefer the big picture rather than the details, which can lead her to being somewhat philosophical.

Typically she will be well educated, or planning to be, and is likely to prefer to focus on and master one subject, rather than dabbling in lots of different ones.

Ambitious, optimistic and enthusiastic, she sets herself lofty goals in life, though sometimes struggles to attain them, especially when unforeseen or overly boring details bury her.

On the negative side, she can be seen as lazy and undisciplined. Lacking a deep understanding of emotions she can also be seen as too blunt or shallow by more emotionally intense signs (and as a breath of fresh air to less emotional ones!)

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/sagittarius-woman.html