Man
Sexy, funny and down to earth the Taurus man is perfect for those looking for a balanced and "real" partner. He is dependable, patient, sensible and reliable - while at the same time enjoying an unmatched level of sensuality and humor.

"Earthy, lusty, manly, sensual, affectionate, and oozes sexiness!

I am currently with a Taurus man and I absolutely adore him. He's honest, communicates most of the time, is expressive both verbally and physically. Emotionally and mentally stable, smart, and makes me feel special! He is possessive but not jealous. He is also rather dominant but mostly in the bedroom. He's the epitome of what I find truly sexy in a man!" 

A visitor comment from one of our message boards, describing a Taurus man.

The Taurus man dislikes and avoids risk and tends to be gentle and tolerant of others, with a strong sense of honor and integrity. Practical and stable, he has an above average level of common sense.

He values tradition, loyalty and stability, and as a result can be highly sentimental and emotional over loved ones, possessions and even routines. As might be surmised from this, he really doesn't like change and can be very hard to persuade! Often the best way to make him change direction is to suggest something months in advance, and repeat it periodically. After long enough the idea will have its own 'stability-value' and be accepted, whereas a more recent or spontaneous idea might not.

Sensible with money, Taurus are often astutely tuned to financial matters and may come across as frugal. In his defense this isn't due to greed, but because money equals security and stability in today's world. It's the security and stability 'safety net' which he values, and not wealth for its own sake. If he already has that security net in place then you'll find he's more than happy to share it with loved ones, even to the point of being overly generous.

Most Taurus men are masters at following through, and will complete tasks which others find boring or too difficult, amongst other aspects making him very sensible, stable and reliable. If that sounds trivial or boring, then it won't when you're ready to start a family!

Later in life Taurus men often enjoy outdoor activities, such as gardening which align to many of their core values - such as growing, nurturing, patience, practicality etc.

Link:  http://www.compatible-astrology.com/taurus-man.html



Woman

Sexy, funny and down to earth the Taurus woman is perfect for those looking for a balanced and "real" partner. She is dependable, patient, sensible and reliable - while at the same time enjoying an unmatched level of sensuality and humor.

She dislikes and avoids risk and tends to be gentle and tolerant of others, with a strong sense of honor and integrity. Practical and stable, she has an above average level of common sense.

The Taurus woman values tradition, loyalty and stability, and as a result can be highly sentimental and emotional over loved ones, possessions and even routines. As might be surmised from this, she really doesn't like change and can be very hard to persuade! Often the best way to make her change direction is to suggest something months in advance, and repeat it periodically. After long enough the idea will have its own 'stability-value' and be accepted, whereas a more recent or spontaneous idea might not.

Sensible with money, Taurus are often astutely tuned to financial matters and may come across as frugal. In her defense, this isn't due to greed, but because money equals security and stability in today's world. It's the security and stability 'safety net' which she values, and not wealth for its own sake. If she already has that security net in place then you'll find she's more than happy to share it with loved ones, even to the point of being overly generous.

Most Taurus women are masters at following through, and will complete tasks which others find boring or too difficult, amongst other aspects making her very sensible, stable and reliable. If that sounds trivial or boring, then it won't when you're ready to start a family!

Later in life Taurus women often enjoy outdoor activities, such as gardening which align to many of their core values - such as growing, nurturing, patience, practicality etc.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/taurus-woman.html