Pisces Man:
Powerfully emotional, intuitive, creative and caring, the Pisces man is sensitive and often your most trusted friend. Often exceptionally attractive, his most endearing traits are his humility and love of romance.

Pisces men often sense and feel things which other less sensitive folk miss, sometimes making them seem more than a little psychic and mysterious. They often pick up on the subtle and unspoken, and are often skilled at subconsciously reading signals from others, such as body language.

This powerful intuition can be applied in many directions, for example he may be an excellent emotional healer, creative artist or astute business man.

Pisces empathy

Highly sympathetic, compassionate, self-sacrificing and unassuming, Pisces men are the most likely to absorb emotions from the environment around them, often becoming happy or depressed based on the mood of others.

Due to this they often prefer the company of optimists over pessimists and this creates it's own set of problems, as optimists are generally far less sensitive and compassionate, traits which are equally important in the partner of a Pisces man in their own ways.

Pisces idealism

Many Pisces men discover that the best route to finding inner peace is to give to others, and in many respects this is the most generous and selfless sign. They tend to give a piece of themselves to anyone they love, and often get a lot of satisfaction from helping others in general.

They often think with their heart and not their head, tending to dislike confrontation or hurting others in any way when avoidable, and often have difficulty saying no or leaving bad situations including relationships. They often prefer to 'go with the flow' when possible, as friction of any kind tends to drain their energy.

One side-effect of their combination of personality traits is sadly that Pisces is often taken advantage of and manipulated by the uncaring or bossy. This can sometimes create a vicious cycle of lowered self worth and increased need for approval, typically from the very person who is bad for them. One of their greatest life lessons is to learn to be a little selfish, in order to better choose who deserves their help and love.

An idealist at heart, it's common for Pisceans to be attracted to drama, art, creativity or fantasy in an attempt to escape from the gritty reality and frequent disappointments of life.

Due to the combination of the above factors Pisces men typically make attractive lovers to most other signs, though they are ultimately compatible with relatively few.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/pisces-man.html


Pisces Woman: 

Often described as the zodiacs sexiest women, Pisces are ultra-feminine and often highly attractive. Pisces is the dreamer of the zodiac; mysterious, spiritual, imaginative and idealistic.

Pisces women often sense and feel things which other less sensitive folk miss, sometimes making them seem more than a little psychic and mysterious at times. They often pick up on the subtle and unspoken, and are often skilled at subconsciously reading signals from others, such as body language. This powerful intuition can be applied in many directions, for example she may be an excellent emotional healer, a creative artist or an astute business woman.

Pisces empathy

Highly sympathetic, compassionate, self-sacrificing and unassuming, Pisces women are the most likely to absorb emotions from the environment around them, often becoming happy or depressed based on the mood of others.

Due to this they often prefer the company of optimists over pessimists and this creates it's own set of problems, as optimists are generally far less sensitive and compassionate, traits which are equally important in the partner of a Pisces woman in their own ways.

Pisces idealism

Many Pisces discover that the best route to finding inner peace is to give to others, and in many respects this is the most generous and selfless sign. They tend to give a piece of themselves to anyone they care for, and often get a lot of satisfaction from helping others in general.

They think with their heart and not their head, tending to dislike confrontation or hurting others in any way, and often have difficulty saying no or leaving bad situations or relationships. They tend to always ?go with the flow' and friction of any kind drains their energy.

One side-effect of their combination of personality traits is sadly that Pisces is easily taken advantage of and manipulated by the uncaring or bossy. This can sometimes create a vicious cycle of lowered self worth and increased need for approval, typically from the very person who is bad for them. One of their greatest life lessons is to learn to be a little selfish, in order to better choose who deserves their help and love.

An idealist at heart, it's common for Pisceans to be attracted to drama, art, creativity or fantasy in an attempt to escape from the gritty reality and periodic disappointments of life.

Due to the combination of the above factors Pisces typically make attractive lovers to most other signs, though they are compatible with relatively few.

Pisces trivia

As a full time relationship astrologer I get a lot of emails from people of all signs. Pisces women hold the record for the longest email question I have received, which was over 27 pages (and no, I didn't send a one word answer, though it was tempting!)

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/pisces-woman.html