Man
Scorpio is a powerful sign. Dark, moody, real, and infinitely sexy. In many ways it's the most unique and dramatic sign, and one of the hardest to do justice to in a written description. Many facets of Scorpio personality can sound negative when described in isolation. For example they can be highly obsessive and compulsive. To some folks that can sound downright scary. In practice though many find it to be highly flattering, sexy and addictive.

Hate isn't the opposite of Love. Indifference is.

Scorpio men savor emotions, and in many ways are the most human of all the zodiac signs for doing so. Though few would say it so directly, most enjoy emotional intensity (good and bad), and have enormous inner strength to handle anything they may find in a partner. Most Scorpios prefer a good fight with a partner in preference to being ignored.

Intuitive, passionate and self confident, the Scorpio man will often know all your secrets before you know much, if anything, about him. What he doesn't learn from you directly he'll pick up from reading between the lines, and you'll soon realize that in many ways he's in control of the relationship, all without seemingly lifting a finger.

If that sounds like he's going to be the spider and you're going to be the fly... that's typically not the case. One of the great challenges and frustrations for Scorpios in relationships is that they care almost too much. While they are typically more skilled than their partner at reading and relating to people the bottom line is that...

The partner who cares the least in a relationship has the control

For all their passion and interpersonal skills often it's not the Scorpio who has the control in a relationship. Many Scorpio relationships involve a partner who without any effort can wrap a Scorpio around their little finger. Simply because their Scorpio cares more than they do.

Due to this Scorpios can end up fairly wary and pessimistic about the concept of true love. Ironically, each bad experience can make all their traits that much stronger and more intense next time.

Scorpio men are very skilled at relating to others, and as such can be very good friends and emotional healers. It's a one way mirror however. Highly secretive and subtle; he will often prefer to give only a limited view of what's really going on inside himself. They often don't like a partner to know quite how smitten they are, due to the vulnerability it creates.

Oh, and we invented sexy

For those who have never dated a Scorpio this can all sound fairly scary. This is an intense man. However, that scary Scorpio intensity can be highly addictive, especially for passionate and intense partners. It is scary, but it's a good scary and not found anywhere else. In many ways Scorpio is a study of how to be sexy without needing superficial tricks or gimmicks.

Uninterested in the shallow or superficial, your Scorpio man is likely to have an immense curiosity, so if you have secrets to hide then you're best off steering well clear. Scorpios often love both keeping and uncovering secrets.

Scorpions...

To go off at a slight tangent for a moment, it's interesting to note that the scorpion is unique among the other zodiac animals in many ways aside of the obvious poison/sting. For example, it's capable of killing itself in preference to being killed, is nocturnal, photophobic (a 'sixth sense' used by spiders etc to avoid predators - they pick up on the tiniest changes in light and dark to detect movement before they can see it), they also shed their skin multiple times in a life cycle. All of these have direct parallels with Scorpio behavior and personality.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/scorpio-man.html


Woman

Scorpio is a powerful sign. Dark, moody, real, and infinitely sexy. In many ways it's the most unique and dramatic sign, and one of the hardest to do justice to in a written description. Many facets of Scorpio personality can sound negative when described in isolation. For example they can be highly obsessive and compulsive. To some folks that can sound downright scary. In practice though many find it to be highly flattering, sexy and addictive.

Hate isn't the opposite of love, indifference is.

Scorpio women savor emotions, and in many ways are the most human of all the zodiac signs for doing so. Though few would say it so directly, most enjoy emotional intensity (good and bad), and have enormous inner strength to handle anything they may find in a partner. Most Scorpios prefer a good fight with a partner in preference to being ignored.

Intuitive, passionate and self confident, the Scorpio woman will often know all your secrets before you know much, if anything, about her. What she doesn't learn from you directly she'll pick up from reading between the lines, and you'll soon realize that in many ways she's in control of the relationship, all without seemingly lifting a finger.

If that sounds like she's going to be the spider and you're going to be the fly... that's typically not the case. One of the great challenges and frustrations for Scorpios in relationships is that they care, almost too much. While they are typically more skilled than their partner at reading and relating to people the bottom line is that...

The partner who cares the least in a relationship has the control

For all their passion and interpersonal skills often it's not the Scorpio who has the control in a relationship. Many Scorpio relationships involve a partner who without any effort or conscious thought can wrap a Scorpio around their little finger. Simply because their Scorpio cares more than they do.

Due to this Scorpios can end up fairly wary and pessimistic about the concept of true love. Ironically, each bad experience can make all their traits that much stronger and more intense next time.

Scorpio women are very skilled at relating to others, and as such can be very good friends and emotional healers. It's a one way mirror however. Highly secretive and subtle; she will often prefer to give only a limited view of what's really going on inside herself. They often don't like a partner to know quite how smitten they are, due to the vulnerability it creates.

Oh, and we invented sexy

For those who have never dated a Scorpio this can all sound fairly scary. This is an intense woman. However, that scary Scorpio intensity can be highly addictive, especially for passionate and intense partners. It is scary, but it's a good scary and not found anywhere else. In many ways Scorpio is a study of how to be sexy without needing superficial tricks or gimmicks.

Uninterested in the shallow or superficial, your Scorpio woman will have an immense curiosity, so if you have secrets to hide then you're best off steering well clear. Scorpios often love both keeping and uncovering secrets.

Scorpions...

To go off at a slight tangent for a moment, it's interesting to note that the scorpion is unique among the other zodiac animals in many ways aside of the obvious poison/sting. For example, it's capable of killing itself in preference to being killed, is nocturnal, photophobic (a 'sixth sense' used by spiders etc to avoid predators - they pick up on the tiniest changes in light and dark to detect movement before they can see it), they also shed their skin multiple times in a life cycle. All of these have direct parallels with Scorpio behavior and personality.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/scorpio-woman.html