Man
A favorite of those who prefer the quiet, smoldering intellectual type, the Virgo man has a fantastic eye for detail and enjoys order, precision and efficiency in all things. If you find intelligence and a professional attitude to be sexy, then this is the man for you.

Precise. Professional. Reserved. and fun!

If you're turned on by intelligent people then beware! Virgo's are nearly always intellectual, and this man's fast mind can find humor in most things, and often empathize with others more than his emotions alone would allow. This ability to empathize while still remaining detached makes them some of the best counselors, therapists and psychologists.

Virgo men typically have a fantastic eye for detail and enjoy order, precision and efficiency in all things. This has several implications, for example he is likely to prefer routines to random or chaotic approaches, and is very likely to have a fondness for lists.

A common fault of Virgo men is to be highly critical when perfection is not found. This usually applies doubly to himself and his own performance, which can sometimes lead to reduced self confidence. He is likely to have trouble relaxing, and often hates wasting time, or sitting idle.

Later in life he's likely to look much younger than he really is. Call it unfair but this is a sign which usually ages very well. One factor in this is that Virgo men are more likely than most to monitor what they eat and drink, how frequently they exercise, and generally to prefer a healthy lifestyle.

He is likely to be fairly reserved with people he doesn't know, and may be uncomfortable receiving too much attention, perhaps embarrassing easily. He is very unlikely to ever display any irrational or emotional outbursts in public.

Analytical, discriminating, precise, considerate and reliable, he is likely to enjoy work of a technical or analytical nature, quite possibly working behind the scenes to ensure the efficiency of an organization, rather than taking center stage or seeking direct recognition for his achievements.

On the negative side, he can sometimes be seen as picky, aloof, sarcastic, pessimistic or whiny. He assumes everyone views him with the same critical eye that he possesses, which can sap his self confidence. Ironically, he is likely to be more perfect than most of us, yet he's the only one who can't see it. This level of self imposed modesty can be particularly endearing.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/virgo-man.html

Woman: 

Virgo women have their very own brand of "professional sexy". Their outwardly reserved, intellectual and precise nature creates the perfect contrast for their wilder side within... they may not be the most overtly sexual of the signs, but their subtlety works just as efficiently.

Brains and beauty

If you're turned on by intelligent people then beware! Virgo's are nearly always intellectual, and this woman's fast mind can find humor in most things, and often empathize with others more than her emotions alone would allow. This ability to empathize while still remaining detached makes them some of the best counselors, therapists and psychologists.

Virgo women typically have a fantastic eye for detail and enjoy order, precision and efficiency in all things. This has several implications, for example she is likely to prefer routines to random or chaotic approaches, and is very likely to have a fondness for keeping lists and other tools which improve efficiency.

A common fault of Virgo women is to be highly critical when perfection is not found. This usually applies double to herself and her own performance, which can sometimes lead to reduced self confidence. Virgos often have trouble relaxing, and often hate wasting time, or sitting idle.

Later in life she's likely to look much younger than she really is. Call it unfair but this is a sign which usually ages very well. One factor in this is that Virgo women are more likely than most to monitor what they eat and drink, how frequently they exercise, and generally to enjoy a healthy lifestyle.

She is likely to be fairly reserved and shy with people she doesn't know, and may be uncomfortable receiving too much attention, perhaps embarrassing easily. She is very unlikely to ever display any irrational or emotional outbursts in public, generally preferring to be discreet in all things.

Analytical, discriminating, precise, considerate and reliable, she is likely to enjoy work of a technical or analytical nature, quite possibly working behind the scenes to ensure the efficiency of an organization, rather than taking center stage or seeking direct recognition for her achievements.

On the negative side, she can sometimes be seen as picky, aloof, sarcastic, pessimistic or whiny. She assumes everyone views her with the same critical eye that she possesses, which can sap her self confidence. Ironically, she is likely to be more perfect than most of us, yet she's the only one who can't see it. This level of self imposed modesty can be particularly endearing.

Link: http://www.compatible-astrology.com/virgo-woman.html